README.md, before:

<a id="readme-top"></a>


<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager">
    <img src="./Assets/image/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Raccoon Time Manager</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This is an efficient time manangement tool you may like! <br />You wouls arrange your time in a more efficient way!
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager"><strong>Click here for Github Repo  »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://jason897571.github.io/raccoon-time-manager/">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Navigation of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#future_additions">Future Additions</a></li>
    <li><a href="#reference">Reference</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<a id="#about-the-project"></a>
## About The Project

<p><strong>Start Page</strong></p>

![Alt text](./Assets/image/cover.png)

<br />

This is a time manager that allows you to track your time spent on projects and tasks.




<a id="#built-with"></a>
## Built with
This Quiz is built with HTML, CSS and Javascript.
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/html.png)][HTML-url]
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/css.png)][CSS-url]
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/javascript.png)][Javascript-url]
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/Bootstrap.png)][BootStrap-url]
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/jQuery.png)][jQuery-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<a id="getting_started"></a>
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

<a id="prerequisities"></a>
### Prerequisites

You should have your shell ready for downloading this project. We use gitbash as an example in this project

<a id="installation"></a>
### Installation
1. Get a free API Key at [github](https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager#built-with)
2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager.git
   ```
3. Open the project using vs code and run it in browser


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<a id="usage"></a>
## Usage

when you open the project in your browser, you will see the following page.



![Alt text](./assets/images/quiz.png)

When the time is up or your complete the quiz, it will bring you to the initial page where you can input your inital and store your scores.

<p><strong>Result Page</strong></p>

![Alt text](./assets/images/result_page.png)

After you submit your initial and score, you will see the final rank board. By clicking the "Go Back" button , you can go back to the start page. By clicking the "Clear high scores" button, you can clear all scores and initials.



<p><strong>Rank Page </strong></p> 

![Alt text](./assets/images/rank_page.png)
For more details, please refer to the [Documentation](https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<a id="future_additions"></a>
## Future Additions
* Different question types can be added
* A difficulty Options panel can be added to start page
* A Panel to show historical correct and incorrect questions can be added
* The ranking system can be added to have the highest score in the first place in the rank page.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<a id="contact"></a>
## Contact

Jason Gu - [Email](king.gs1314@outlook.com) - king.gs1314@outlook.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager](https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<a id="reference"></a>
## Reference
* Xpert Assistant/ChatGPT
* https://dev.to/envoy_/150-badges-for-github-pnk#games
* https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[css-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-239120?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white
[HTML-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white
[Javascript-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black
[BootStrap-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[jQuery-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white

Commit message:

udpate readme and raedy for submit

README.md, after:

<a id="readme-top"></a>


<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager">
    <img src="./Assets/image/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Raccoon Time Manager</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This is an efficient time manangement tool you may like! <br />You wouls arrange your time in a more efficient way!
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager"><strong>Click here for Github Repo  »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://jason897571.github.io/raccoon-time-manager/">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Navigation of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#future_additions">Future Additions</a></li>
    <li><a href="#reference">Reference</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<a id="#about-the-project"></a>
## About The Project

<p><strong>Start Page</strong></p>

![Alt text](./Assets/image/cover.png)

<br />

This is a time manager that allows you to track your time spent on projects and tasks.




<a id="#built-with"></a>
## Built with
This Quiz is built with HTML, CSS and Javascript.
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/html.png)][HTML-url]
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/css.png)][CSS-url]
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/javascript.png)][Javascript-url]
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/Bootstrap.png)][BootStrap-url]
* [![Alt text](./Assets/image/jQuery.png)][jQuery-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<a id="getting_started"></a>
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

<a id="prerequisities"></a>
### Prerequisites

You should have your shell ready for downloading this project. We use gitbash as an example in this project

<a id="installation"></a>
### Installation
1. Get a free API Key at [github](https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager#built-with)
2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager.git
   ```
3. Open the project using vs code and run it in browser


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<a id="usage"></a>
## Usage

When you open the project in your browser, you will see the following page.



![Alt text](./Assets/image/cover.png)

When you input your plan in the textarea, you can save it by clicking the save button in the right. After clicking it, you will see a window poping up to confirm that you have update your schedule.
However, if your input is None or you delete your schedule, you will see a popup window to remind you that you have removed your schedule.

<p><strong>Save Data</strong></p>

![Alt text](./Assets/image/input.png)
![Alt text](./Assets/image/popup.png)
![Alt text](./Assets/image/nothing.png)

By choosing the date from datepicker, you can switch date to the past or future and you can add or remove your schedule in different date as well.



<p><strong>Switching Date </strong></p> 

![Alt text](./Assets/image/past.png)
![Alt text](./Assets/image/future.png)

For more details, please refer to the [Documentation](https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<a id="future_additions"></a>
## Future Additions
* Different question types can be added
* A difficulty Options panel can be added to start page
* A Panel to show historical correct and incorrect questions can be added
* The ranking system can be added to have the highest score in the first place in the rank page.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<a id="contact"></a>
## Contact

Jason Gu - [Email](king.gs1314@outlook.com) - king.gs1314@outlook.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager](https://github.com/Jason897571/raccoon-time-manager)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<a id="reference"></a>
## Reference
* Xpert Assistant/ChatGPT
* https://dev.to/envoy_/150-badges-for-github-pnk#games
* https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[css-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-239120?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white
[HTML-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white
[Javascript-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black
[BootStrap-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[jQuery-url]:https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
